It's this pants submission game again
But I am Ye Chen, right?
Why don't you speak now?
Weren't you still very confident and arrogant just now?
Are you going to cheat?
What a shame
Xi'er, you are from a medical family.
Everyone here is either rich or expensive
But what about the bet with you?
It's a poor kid who came out of nowhere
Don't argue with him.
Losing face is
What are you?
Dare to question the medical skills of Doctor Zhang
overreach
Doctor Zhang, Miss Qin
This is just a medical exchange
It's not unreasonable, is it?
Things went wrong
I don't care.
See for yourself.
Humph
You are so against me, right?
Do you have it?
Again
Only the state officials are allowed to set fires and the people are not allowed to light the lights
Only you Ye Chen are allowed to pretend
I didn't do anything and you're not happy
I'll say it again.
That's who I am.
I advise you to kneel and kowtow to me as soon as possible
apologize